Population projections for local authorities by single year of age and sex, England 2022 based	
Date published: 24 June 2025	
Coverage: Local authorities and higher administrative areas in England	
Projection: Migration category variant (2023 local authority boundaries)	
Files:  2022-based SNPP population males.csv
	  2022-based SNPP population females.csv
        2022-based SNPP population persons.csv
These three files contain projected population by single year of age, by local authority, for every year of the projection
	
Publication Details	
The data tables in this spreadsheet were published at 9:30am on 24 June 2025	
These three tables contain population projections by sex and single year of age, all local authorities and higher administrative areas within England, mid-2022 to mid-2047. 	
The release also includes machine-readable data tables – these are our most detailed projections data and are also for users with systems designed	
to use these. 	
For previous versions of these data, please see:
https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationprojections/datasets/localauthoritiesinenglandz1
For information about all subnational population projections releases please see:
https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationprojections/bulletins/subnationalpopulationprojectionsforengland/2022based/relateddata
	
Background Information	
Subnational population projections (SNPPs) provide an indication of the potential future population size of the England. These statistics are widely used in 	
planning; for example, fiscal projections, health, education, and pensions.	
Long-term subnational population projections are an indication of the future trends in population by age and sex over the next 25 years, this publication will	
cover from the year 2022 to 2047. They are trend-based projections, which means assumptions for future levels of births, deaths and migration are based	
on observed levels mainly over the  previous five years. They show what the population will be if recent trends continue.	
The projected resident population of an area includes all people who usually live there, whatever their nationality. People moving into or out of the	
country are only included in the resident population if their total stay in that area is for 12 months or more, thus visitors and short-term migrants are 	
not included. Armed forces stationed abroad are not included, but armed forces stationed within an area are included. Students are taken to be resident	
at their term-time address.	
These data are based on administrative geographic boundaries in place on April 2023.	
The projections generally do not take into account any policy changes that have not yet occurred, nor those that have not yet had an impact on observed trends.	
They are constrained at the national level to the  	
2022-based national projections published on 28 January 2025.	
	
Data Sources 	
For guidance on data used and statistics for mid-2022 and mid-2023, we refer users to the accompanying article:	
National population projections: 2022-based, background, methodology and assumption setting	
These projections published on 24 June 2025 are based on the 	
Population estimates for England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland: mid-2022	
These projections are Accredited Official Statistics.	
	
Methodology notes 	
Due to rounding in our assumption setting and the methodology used, data in these tables may not sum to totals because of rounding in the underlying data.	
As different levels of the geographical hierarchy are combined in one file it is important to bear in mind the distinction between the West Midlands region 	
(code E12000005) and the metropolitan county of West Midlands (code E11000005). It should also be noted that Greater London, which is often 	
presented alongside metropolitan counties, is not included in this table as counts would simply duplicate those for London region.	
Quality and methodology information for SNPPs, detailing the strengths and limitations of the data, methods used and data uses can be found in	
Subnational population projections QMI	
These statistics are presented unrounded to allow user to do detailed calculations. However, this should not be taken to imply accuracy at this level.	
Because of rounding, figures may not sum.	

Copyright and reproduction 	
You may re-use this document/publication (not including logos) free of charge in any format or medium, under the terms of the Open Government	
Licence v3.0. To view this licence visit 	
http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence	
or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 4DU; or email: 	
psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk.
	
Contact 	
Population and Household Projections (PHP)	
Demography	
pop.info@ons.gov.uk	
+44 (0) 1329444661	
Office for National Statistics	
Segensworth Road	
FAREHAM